Up until 3 years ago, I've been living a desultory life.  Did fairly well in school, 
portfolio not extensive, only shows work done in the last 3 years
desultory. going through the motions. difficulty with interviews, cant fake passion


To inspire
desire of lifelong continuation of learning, creating, and inspiring
inspire through ideas forward thinking
translational work hampers this inspirational 
9-5 job immured inside a cubicle


kaust changed everything. came in naive.- stretchable display which i didnt believe in. i had skills but no vision.
This idea was garbage.  How could this possibly made on the wafer level? This is way too complex to be mass-manufacutred
Keep in mind, this is the mindset that at Waterloo, I've been taught.  
The best way i can explain this is back to a story that my first year professor told me.  Up in northern Canada, 
there is a problem with ice freezing on transmission lines, which was very problematic.  No solution could be thought
of by professional expertise, so a brainstorming meeting took place with laymans.  One person suggested, "why not 
have polar bears climb up on top of the transmission lines?  Their weight would shake off all the ice for sure!" 
This statement was ridiculed by everyone met with an eruption of laughter.  When the laughter subsided, someone follwed up that with idea suggesting
to use helicopters to fly near transmission lines and the thrust from the blades would create enough force to 
shake the ice off. This practical idea was sparked by a spontaneous, off-the-wall idea.  We all need helicopter ideas,
but just as importantly, we need polar bear ideas.  I have no doubt that my stretchable display will not be a part
of the iPhone 15, but I understand now that this project is more of a sparkplug.

For my master's, I've learned a lot.  For many years, I've wanted to get into biomedical engineering due to its
complexities and enormous, untamed research opportunities to do something novel.  I was fortunate enough to land
in the GUenther lab, and have learned more than I could possibly imagine.  The focus is on translational technology,
which although extremely useful, hampers creativity.  There are knowledge and skills I've gained here that
will translate into future projects, but I want to unleash creativity.  
   
So, why do I want to join the Media Lab?  I want to do polar bear projects. Media Lab best aligns with my goals
communal and diverse enivornment.  This is where I want to be for my next stop in my journey of pursuit of 
lifelong continuation of learning, creating, and inspiring.  